TERMS OF USE, WARRANTIES AND RELEASE AGREEMENT


These terms below, as part of this agreement, govern in respect of any claim or in relation to purported liability, or relationship, involving or between the developer of German Pocket Dictionary (“dictionary” and “German Pocket Dictionary,” interchangeably) and you, the user. By using the dictionary, you agree to be bound by all the provisions contained herein.


1. By using the dictionary, you, the user, agree:
(i)  that you will not use the dictionary for any unlawful, deceitful or nefarious purpose, such as, but not limited to: cheating on any academic or professional assessments; planning, developing or executing any malicious software, for any unlawful undertaking, including phishing or any other electronic fraud; defrauding in general; planning, developing or executing any ciphertext (for encryption) for espionage—state-sanctioned or otherwise—or the concealment of criminal undertakings, in which you are wilfully involved or have knowledge thereof;
(ii)  that you intend to use the dictionary for an educational purpose or a personal purpose that does not entail unlawful, deceitful, or nefarious undertakings including, but not limited to: to cause another harm or to cause another to incur a loss without the sanction of law;
(iii)  that you will not aid, encourage, provoke, or forcefully coerce another to use the dictionary for any unlawful or nefarious purpose, such as, but not limited to, those enumerated in 1.(i).


Warranties


2. Considerable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the transliteration undertaken by the developer of German Pocket Dictionary; however, the developer is human. The developer, accordingly, does not warrant that the dictionary will be free of human error.  


3. As this is a dictionary with only the transliteration of words and their conventional meanings, learning the proper pronunciation of words and phrases is the responsibility of the dictionary’s user. Consequently, the developer does not warrant that words or phrases contained in this dictionary purport to or actually teach or convey the proper pronunciation or enunciation of those words or phrases. To prevent misunderstandings, especially in the context of commerce, users are encouraged to seek further assistance in pronunciation.
 
4. By using this dictionary, you, the user, warrant that you understand that risks may arise, in certain contexts, from communicating in a language with which you are not fluent. Such risks can include, but are not limited to, financial losses owing to misunderstandings or mistakes; failing on academic or professional assessments; failing to meet minimum German proficiency requirements for employment; missed opportunities; and, when communicating with fluent speakers or software, becoming a victim of deceit or misrepresentation.


Release


5. By using the dictionary, you release the developer, and any contributor, from:
(i) any losses, injuries or adversity, and any claim of liability thereof, incurred by you, which may be connected to or emanate from, however remote, the use of the German Pocket Dictionary.
(ii) any wrongdoing to which you become party, either intentionally or inadvertently, which may be connected to or emanate from the use of the German Pocket Dictionary.


6. By using the dictionary, you release the developer, and any contributor, from any purported or actual indemnity to a third party, with which you transact, which may be connected to or emanate from the use of the German Pocket Dictionary; and release the developer, and any contributor, from any liability for any risks undertaken on behalf of, or in connection to, that third party, which may be connected to or emanate from the use of the dictionary.


Forum Selection


7. For this agreement, the forum to hear any dispute or actionable claim is the National Capital Territory (Delhi, India). By using the dictionary, in the unlikely event of a dispute, or actionable claim, arising from this agreement or the use of the dictionary, you agree to the jurisdiction of the forum and all appellate courts in that forum and in India.






Enquiries regarding this agreement can be sent by electronic correspondence to 5abhisheksaxena@gmail.com or mohamed6@ualberta.ca